good guys welcome back video
of gt5 online here we are back
dying begins
as the high of the highs turned in
a war that is called if you can
you can fly like that, and that's how you are
you can fly as is, which
which is typical of these careers
which one has to fly with the bike thing
that I like a lot so we're going to
give him the whole canyon
I put a word that is the goal is worth
it is only in that direction
according to the pawn of the mini map but really
I do not know what's wrong is in the middle of the river
actually easy to reach is just
in the middle of the river but I'm already seeing it
it's there in the middle of the river vale
look how the first one arrives I retire
how the first one arrives does not reach me
delegate no no
because suddenly life changes
direction as you go curve and you have to
get there flying with the bikes sometimes
somewhat strange to understand and such
but basically doing it accepts let's
to give him cane that I do not want or will not catch or
be the ramp is the only one that makes you lose
speed is worth seeing I'm going to put the bike
so that I go to the direction
goal as I think that there is
perfect look and it's perfect
moved sorry a little for the
right does not give even a little bit to
the left now a little bit up
ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay
so much
uncle I do not control if it's possible seriously
this is very difficult
it's complicating me ok we go down
here is how we see a lot of speed
and we jump in there we're putting the
bicycle in the form of snow that you do not know
go for the sides is that these
they carried the waves I do not know if these
play 3 we had an uncle over there and
perfect perfect we will place
exactly it's worth now we're just going
advancing we turn a little bit seems little
just a little bit so much mikkawi is worth it now
now now it is worth now worth voucher
vale vale vale vale it does not have the
God's goal already had the mind there
because I'm there that would have makes me
is what foolishness makes me shit on everything
for the dough quiet guys does not pass
nothing is all controlled water there is
put the bike so now that yes yes
xico yes yes
they call me the flying bike the bicycle
flying mother of mine the 6 of that
cyclist I know but bike that
He gave thanks to that is not clear is
more funny
but where will he demand the ball
eye eye not entering well in the water
sitting upside down I have to see my uncle
from before water by the nose kid
Ok guys, see this, it's pretty
complicated is to things as they are not
applied another do this is much more
complicated in play 3 and I do not know what happens
but we stopped there to see now
you really have to do like the previous
it is perfect
ay ay ay perfect is perfect is
perfect or can not be better is
like perfection because right now
we are seeing on screen what is
doing in Patera itself is the
perfection we go direction to the goal
but but that is perfectly look
look look at mining and already incredible
incredible incredible amazing incredible
incredible amazing go jump more
precise mate or go to jump
been there to nail it here or
nail it by varying it has to turn the
relation to the second but I like that
jump step I hope the assault well
the address of the recipe mentioned the
hawley favorites and liked about the
song or you are and where by call
goodbye
Y
and